->A Regular Expression is a special sequence of charecters
 that uses a search pattern to find A string or set of strings .
->It can detect the presence or absence of a text by matching 
it with a perticular pattern , and also can split a pattern 
into one or more sub patterns.
->Represented by (Regex)

-> My emailid is aptech@123gmail.com 

->Python provides  a "re" module whose primary function is 
to offer a search,where it takes a regular expression and 
a string.

 ->"import re"-> is used to import the 're' module.
 -> pattern set of string, phone number pattern set, web 
 scraping

 ->Special sequences do not match for the actual charecter in the 
 string instead it tells  the specific location in the search
  string where the match must ocuur . 
 ->it makes it easier to write commonly used patterns .

 Function:

 re.findall()->Returns all non-overlapping matches of pattern in
 string, as a list of string . the string is scanned left-to-right,
 & matches are returned in the order found.

 re.compile()->Regular expressions are compiled into pattern objects 
 which have methods for various operations such as searching for
 pattern matches or performing string substitutions.

 re.split()->Split string by the occurrences of a character or a 
 pattern ,upon finding that pattern, the remaining charecters from 
 the string are returned as part of the resulting list.

 re.sub()->The method returns a string where matched occurences 
 are replaced with the content of replace variable .

re.subn()-> subn() is similar to sub() in all ways, except in its 
way of providing output.It returns a touple  with a count of the 
total of replacement and the new string rather than just the string. 

re.escape()-> Returns  string with all non-alphanumerics backslashed,
this is useful if you want to match an arbitrary literal string that
may have regular expressions matacharacters in it.

re.search()-> This method either returns None (if the pattern does'nt
matches), or a re.This method stops after the first match , so 
this is the best suited for testing a regular expression more 
than extracting data.

Match Object :
 A Match Object contains all the information about the search and 
 result and if there is no match found then None will be returned.
